Added adoc files for Vert.x 4 migration guide (#26)
vert-x3/vertx-4-migration-guide: asciidoc/modules/con_mg_changes-in-infinispan-cluster-manager.adoc

[id="changes-in-infinispan-cluster-manager_{context}"]
= Changes in Infinispan cluster manager

The following section describes the changes in the Infinispan cluster manager.

== Updates in custom configurations

The Infinispan cluster manager is based on Infinispan 11.

In {VertX} {4}, the clustering SPI has been redesigned. The subscription data model has changed. As a result of this, {VertX} {3x} nodes and {VertX} {4} nodes cannot be added together in the same Infinispan cluster manager.

The {VertX} applications are not impacted by this change as the EventBus and SharedData APIs remain the same.

> If you have the custom configurations from Vertx. 3.x, update the following parameters in the configuration file in {VertX} {4}:

Author: @vietj Can we call it configuration file or just configurations?

Reviewer: @sangeetaraghu I submitted a proposal for this

* Change the `__vertx.subs` cache type to replicated instead of distributed.

> * Add the replicated cache `__vertx.nodeInfo`.

Author: @vietj In the wiki page there is a typo in the following note. Replace "__.vertx.nodeInfo cache" to "__vertx.nodeInfo cache" (without the dot after __). 

- add the replicated **__.vertx.nodeInfo** cache

https://github.com/vert-x3/wiki/wiki/4.0.0-Deprecations-and-breaking-changes#infinispan-cluster-manager

Reviewer 2: @tsegismont can you address this concern ?

Reviewer: Done

[id="changes-in-infinispan-cluster-manager_{context}"]
= Changes in Infinispan cluster manager

The following section describes the changes in the Infinispan cluster manager.

== Updates in custom configurations

The Infinispan cluster manager is based on Infinispan 11.

In {VertX} {4}, the clustering SPI has been redesigned. The subscription data model has changed. As a result of this, {VertX} {3x} nodes and {VertX} {4} nodes cannot be added together in the same Infinispan cluster manager.

The {VertX} applications are not impacted by this change as the EventBus and SharedData APIs remain the same.

> If you have the custom configurations from Vertx. 3.x, update the following parameters in the configuration file in {VertX} {4}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you had a custom Infinispan configuration file in your Vert.x 3 application:
```

Author: @tsegismont Done

    <distributed-cache-configuration name="__vertx.distributed.cache.configuration"/>
  </cache-container>
----

> If you run a {VertX} cluster on Openshift, the `infinispan-cloud` JAR is no longer needed. The JAR has been removed from the dependencies section of the build file. The configuration files that were bundled in this JAR are now included in the `infinispan-core` JAR. XXX

Author: @tsegismont Does this read ok?Do we want to document anything more specific for migration from Vert.x 3 to 4?

Reviewer: Looks good to me @sangeetaraghu .

In the text above, I would replace:

>nodes cannot be added together in the same Infinispan cluster manager.

with

_nodes cannot be added together in the same Infinispan cluster._

Author: @tsegismont Done
